# TED-Talks-Scraper

This repository contains two Python scripts used for collecting and processing data from TED Talks. The first script, `1-ted_talks_fetcher.py`, fetches basic information about TED Talks from a provided API. The second script, `2-ted_talks_enhancer.py`, enhances this data by scraping additional details from each talk's webpage.

## Overview

- `1-ted_talks_fetcher.py`: Fetches a list of TED Talks, including details like duration, title, speakers, and URLs. It saves this data in a CSV file.
- `2-ted_talks_enhancer.py`: Reads the CSV file generated by `1-ted_talks_fetcher.py`, scrapes additional information such as view counts, release dates, context, description, and tags from each talk's webpage, and then appends this data to a new CSV file.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- Libraries: `requests`, `csv`, `bs4` (BeautifulSoup), `tqdm`

You can install the required libraries using:

```bash
pip install requests beautifulsoup4 tqdm
```

## Usage

1. Run `1-ted_talks_fetcher.py` to fetch the initial data set of TED Talks:

   ```bash
   python 1-ted_talks_fetcher.py
   ```

This will create a file named 1-all_urls.csv containing the basic information.

2. Run 2-ted_talks_enhancer.py to augment the data set with additional details:

```bash
python 2-ted_talks_enhancer.py
```

This will read 1-all_urls.csv and create a new file 2-all_talks.csv with the enhanced data.

## Scripts
`1-ted_talks_fetcher.py`
This script fetches data from a TED Talks API and saves it to a CSV file. It includes information such as the duration, title, speakers, object ID, and URL for each talk.

`1-ted_talks_fetcher.py`
This script reads the CSV file generated by `1-ted_talks_fetcher.py`, scrapes additional data from each talk's webpage, and saves the combined data to a new CSV file. It adds information like view counts, release dates, context, descriptions, and tags.

